Clarify VC type inclusion. (#144)
smart-on-fhir/health-cards: docs/index.md

The VC structure (scaffold) is shown in the following example.  The Health Cards framework serializes VCs using the compact JWS serialization, where the payload is a compressed set of JWT claims (see [Appendix 3 of RFC7515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515#appendix-A.3) for an example using ECDSA P-256 SHA-256, as required by this specification). Specific encoding choices ensure compatibility with standard JWT claims, as described at [https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#jwt-encoding](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#jwt-encoding).

> The `type`, and `credentialSubject` properties are added to the `vc` claim of the JWT. The `type` values are defined in [Credential Types](https://smarthealth.cards/vocabulary/); the `https://smarthealth.cards#health-card` MUST be present; other ones SHOULD be present as appropriate. The `issuer` property is represented by the registered JWT `iss` claim and the `issuanceDate` property is represented by the registered JWT `nbf` ("not before") claim (encoded as the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z UTC, as specified by [RFC 7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)).  Hence, the overall JWS payload matches the following structure (before it is [minified and compressed](#health-cards-are-small)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `type`, and `credentialSubject` properties are added to the `vc` claim of the JWT. The `type` values are defined in [Credential Types](https://smarthealth.cards/vocabulary/); the `https://smarthealth.cards#health-card` SHALL be present; other types SHOULD be included when they apply. The `issuer` property is represented by the registered JWT `iss` claim and the `issuanceDate` property is represented by the registered JWT `nbf` ("not before") claim (encoded as the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z UTC, as specified by [RFC 7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)).  Hence, the overall JWS payload matches the following structure (before it is [minified and compressed](#health-cards-are-small)):
```
